Announcing the release of a Perl Module Graph Version 0.01

Graph::Directed   - Manipulation of directed graphs

This package allows the construction and manipulation of graphs. There
is already two packages available on CPAN: one written by Neil Bowers
and one written by Jarkko Hietaniemi. The main reason to why I didn't
use those packages is because they didn't exist when I wrote
this. However, there are some other differences as well: namely the
following:

  - Both are missing Tarjan's algorithm (for finding strongly
    connected components) and computation of forward reachability
    sets (what nodes can be reached from a given set of nodes).

  - Both packages are representing the connectivity between nodes of
    the graph as one hash per node. This wastes (for my purpose) too
    much memory. In this package, the connectivity between nodes is
    implemented as two hashes for all nodes together. A node is
    uniquely defined by the scalar value used to register it.

I make no claims of excessive speed: this package was used to
implement prototypes of different state-space searching algorithms,
which is why memory was important.

6) Data Types and Data Type Utilities (see also Database Interfaces)

Name           DSLI  Description                                  Info
-----------    ----  -------------------------------------------- -----
Graph::
::Directed     RdpO  Manipulation of directed graphs

I would suggest that pooling our efforts to develop a graph theory
module. I would suggest that basic functionality are in the
Graph::Directed and Graph::Undirected modules, while the real
algorithms and concrete output formats are put into separate
packages, i.e., something along the following lines.

Module Entry

6) Data Types and Data Type Utilities (see also Database Interfaces)

Name           DSLI  Description                                  Info
-----------    ----  -------------------------------------------- -----
Graph::
::Directed     RdpO  Manipulation of directed graphs
::Undirected   idpO  Manipulation of undirected graphs

Graph::Algorithm::
::Base         idpO  Base module to install new algorithms
::Tarjan       idpO  Implementation of Tarjan's algorithm
::Topsort      idpO  Implementation of Topological sorting

Graph::Format::
::Base         idpO  Base module to install new I/O formats
::Dot	       idpO  I/O format for the GraphWiz Dot format
::DaVinci      idpO  I/O format for the daVinci format
